I think I used to believe that using AI was a cop-out of doing the work yourself. I think throughout the semester, I am getting more comfortable with using AI without feeling like it diminishes my skills as a programmer. Yes, it takes a shorter amount of time to physically write the code, but AI is very good at remembering things (much better than I am); it remembers syntax, heuristics, and has so much more "experience" than I do because it has just read so many more lines of code than I have. I do believe there is a new wave of programming coming, because developers that use AI can iterate through code much faster than those who do not, which could lead to more productivity of the team. There has been a big push for using AI for coding assignments at Howard, though some professors are still averse to the idea. I think that they should come around because hiding from innovation has never worked in the past, and I don't believe it will work now.

I plan on using AI to help me plan, implement, and test my future code. It can be a partner in developing system design, it can write good quality code very quickly (though you still have to check its work), and it can build test cases that will verify the code it's written, all by itself. Code agents that can go into your file system and edit files directly are very fascinating to me, because it seems like you can just ask the computer to do something for you and it will do it; you don't have to worry about combing through thousands of pages of documentation on syntax or API usage, and you can focus on making features that improve your application. I also want to bring my AI coding into the workplace, because I feel like it is somewhat looked down upon at the moment by more senior engineers, but I find that it helps me create better code, so I will continue to use it. 